(Hagoromo)
I'll now announce the name of
the successor to Ninshu.
The one who'll take
over Ninshu is...
My youngest son, Ashura!
[gasp]
[gasps]
Lord Hagoromo!
Why, father?!  I'm nowhere near
Elder Brother's Ninshu skill!
It's not even close!
I have made my decision.
Father, please, just tell me
what it is that I've done to
make you dissatisfied with me...
I've received word that the
village which I'd put you in
charge of is now near
destruction.
[gasp] It's what!?
But, how could--!?
You... did you
use force to...?
No. Do I look like
a fool to you?
[gasp]
Explain to me what you did.
I just did the same thing
that Ashura did.
I gave the villagers the water
that they needed, and I dealt
with the Divine Tree.
The only difference was that I
handled it on my own, father!
And that affected the
outcome drastically.
After you left, the villagers
fought over water rights and
ended up destroying themselves.
Happiness obtained the easy
way never lasts long.
But Ashura labored alongside
the people to open up a path
to their future.
Happiness that is hard-earned is
much more difficult to destroy.
Indra, you possess a wonderful
power known as the Sharingan.
Ashura's grown and matured, but
he still lacks in power.
Please, lend him your power
moving forward and support the
growth of Ninshu alongside him.
[grimace]
Brother...
♪
Why? Why didn't my
father choose me?
Yeah exactly! The one who has
power rules the world!
I mean, that's
just common sense!
And you possess enough power to
decide everything, Master Indra!
I say you appeal to Lord
Hagoromo again.
And we'll support you!
Thank you, the both of you.
Of course! There's no need for
thanks. We just want to support
you.
That's right. we'll do anything.
Really?
[crashing sound]
[happy villager chatter]
Man, I've never
seen such a feast!
Today we celebrate the successor
of Ninshu being chosen!
Everyone, eat up and enjoy
to your heart's content!
Yeah, you guys! Let's eat!
[happy laughter]
[sigh]
You know, I'm beginning to think
that we might have come here at
a bad time.
Nah, don't worry about it.
To be honest, I'm actually
feeling relieved that Ashura
was the one who was picked.
Huh?
Ashura's big brother is smart,
and he's a genius when
it comes to Ninshu.
But there's a
coldness about him.
If he'd been named as the
successor, I think that we'd all
end up just being scared of him.
I see...
However, Ashura understands
people's pain.
Yeah, he can be a bit dense...
but this recent journey of ours
really matured him.
Enough to make you fall in love
with him and follow him all the
way here, right?
What are you talking about?!
You're blushing, you know!
Idiot!
Argh!
Wait a minute, where
is Ashura, anyway?
Ashura...
Something troubling you?
Yeah.
Indra is different than
he once was.
It's because
of the Sharingan.
The Sharingan?
I've observed Indra's Sharingan,
and its power overwhelms
everyone.
It happened even before
Indra realized.
That's how incredibly powerful
Indra's Sharingan is.
But it's also that power that's
stopped Indra from being able to
understand how others feel.
And ultimately, it has closed
off his heart.
But you are different.
You understand the human heart.
That's why you enhanced
Ninshu with love.
And in turn, that nurtured trust
among people, creating bonds and
friendship.
Friendship?
A bond is something that can
only be created after sharing
hardships together.
It overflows with
love and compassion.
As long as such bonds exist,
Ninshu won't be used for evil.
However, power without bonds
will bring great calamity upon
the world.
Ashura. I ask that you join
forces with your brother and
spread the bond of Ninshu.
Father, I.
Yes, Father, I
From this moment onward, I
entrust my power to you.
Ashura!
Oh, where could
he have run off?
[explosion]
[gasp]
What is that?
[explosion]
[panicked screams]
What is that!?
Oh, no! Kanna! Are
you all right?
Yeah.
What just happened?
[gasp] Elder Brother?!
Indra, Just what is
the meaning of this?
Tell me why! Why didn't you
choose me as your successor?
It isn't power that controls
Ninshu, but love.  That is what
I've decided.
It's love?
But there's no need for love.
During my journey& just like
Ashura did, I sought out the
villager's pain.
But ultimately, the villagers
ended up relying on my power.
The weak revered me as their
king and wanted that power.
Ashura was lacking. That's why
he found it necessary to rely on
the cooperation of others.
But I'm different!
I don't need the help
of the weak.
I can use my own power to
establish total order!
I'll create a world completely
without conflict!
That's just what my mother,
Kaguya, wanted to do.
Those who possess power must
never forget the human heart.
People may not be able to
progress as swiftly as you.
And if they aren't able to walk
at the same pace, from their
standpoint...
...they can only fear power
that has no bond.
Then I'll just force
them to obey.
Please stop this, Elder Brother!
You would've given your
life to protect me once!
That's how kind
you were back then!
Ashura, I am no longer that man.
I can't return to being him!
Indra...
Your eyes!
Of course! There's no need for
thanks. We just want to support
you.
That's right. We'll do anything.
Really? Thank you,
the both of you.
[electric shock]
[gasp]
In...dra...
Why,,, would you...?
Forgive me.
[thud]
Whenever I lose those closest
and dearest to me, my Sharingan
evolves.
Indra... so you'd
stoop that low?
Please,  just stop this! I don't
wanna have to fight you, Elder
Brother!
Oh? You're going
to fight me now?
Well, you've become
quite brave, Ashura!
But do you really believe that
you can take me on?!
What's this?!
[attacking yell]
[explosion]
Amazing!
Yup! His training paid off!
[gasp]
I'll admit that you've
improved a little bit.
But it still isn't
enough to beat me!
[grunt]
Ready?
[determined grunt]
This is power!
[attack cry]
[gasp]
[crash]
[yells]
Ashura!
[grunt]
[loud thuds]
[grunting]
Father! Everyone!
Quickly! Join forces,
all of you!
[attack cries]
You have the audacity
to attack me?
[crash]
[grunts]
The powerless can band together,
but doing so means nothing.
Now, Father, let me perform the
last rites for your fragile
ideals!
It's over!
Elder Brother!
[gasp]
This is...
The power of Six Paths! You
inherited it?
Ridiculous!
[grunts]
Everyone, lend Ashura
your power now!
Mhm!
Huh?
Father, what-?!
Ashura, chakra is a power that
can be used to link the hearts
of many together!
Huh? Everyone!
I feel it!  I can feel...
everyone's power!
What?!
What is this?
Elder Brother!
Ashura!
This is the power,
of our bond!
[agonizing screams]
[massive explosion]
(Indra)
[painful grunts]
Elder Brother!
Stay away!
[gasp]
Ashura... I will never
...acknowledge Ninshu-or you!
Elder Brother.
(Hagoromo) Soon after, I heard
rumors that Indra had
established a sect of Ninjutsu
that idolized power.
I recorded  for posterity the
misfortune that the Sharingan
brings about on a stone tablet.
But Zetsu took advantage of it,
so that effort seems to have
been a total waste.
Ashura. It seems that my time in
this world with you is coming to
an end now.
Father, no!
Grandfather!
[sniffle]
I'm afraid that I wasn't able to
guide this world as well as I
would've liked.
That simply isn't true!
After all, we were able to pass
on your will to many people
through Ninshu, father!
And yet I leave behind some
who won't accept it...
Indra came by to see
me last night.
[gasp]
[thunder]
Yes, Indra?
Have you come to kill me?
There's no need for me
to do that anymore.
I came here, to end the
future of this hell that's
disguised as Ninshu.
You've always feared the power
my grandmother possessed.
But instead of trying to
understand that enormous power,
you merely ran from it...
...using ideas such as "love"
and "bonds" as a shield.
Your selfish, naïve
misconceptions will mar
the future of Ninshu with wars
and disasters.
Until I'm able to destroy Ashura
and all of his brethren...
...and wipe your failed
ideas of Ninshu from the
face of this world,...
I won't stop fighting.
Till then, my soul will
reincarnate and fight,
however long it takes!
[thunder]
(Hagoromo)
Forgive me.
Father, please be at peace.
If Elder Brother's soul will
reincarnate over and over, then
mine shall, as well,
for however long it may take.
Ashura, I hereby entrust the
future of this entire world to
you and to your descendants.
[gasps]
(Ashura)
Father!
(Futami)
Lord Hagoromo!
(Kanna)
Father!
(Ashura's son)
Grandpa!
(Ashura)
Father!!
(Hagoromo)
And as Indra had warned, the
battle between them waged on.
It continued over and
over again...
...never ending.
Those battles took the lives of
many comrades and kin on both
sides.
Hate begat hate, and it reached
a point of no return.
The fighting continued even
after Ashura and Indra had died,
passed on to the numerous
reincarnates of their souls.
To you, Senju Hashirama, and
to Madara Uchiha.
And now, to Naruto Uzumaki
and Sasuke Uchiha.
All of you must do everything in
your power to save Naruto and
Sasuke.
I have implicit faith that those
two will find the true solution
to this fate of shinobi...
...which has persisted
for all this time.
♪
(Naruto)
There actually is one S-rank
mission that we three can do
right now...
A mission that's failed again
and again, one that only we can
pull off...
(Sasuke)
Now this is getting
interesting...
(Sakura)
Oh, boy! I'm getting so
excited about this!
(Naruto)
Next time on Naruto Shippuden:
"A Special Mission."
(Naruto)
All right! Let's get
this mission started!
♪